Game Success Cutscene:

Lonk has succeeded in finding the Water Chip. It pulses with mysterious ancient energy from the future. It is easy to lose oneself in the intricately and impossibly small details in this sapphire blue piece of technology.

Growing up without his parents and under the care of the elder made Lonk wish all the more to be accepted by his fellow villagers. He loves the elder and his fellow villagers with all of his heart. He hopes this selfless act of service will show them how much he cares for all of them.

Lonk makes his way out of the ruins to find the elder waiting nervously. As he slowly walks out into daylight, the elder begins to worriedly dote on the boy—looking for injuries. Lonk has them both rush back to the Boulangerie as quickly as possible.

Upon reaching the village of Boulangerie, Lonk takes the Water Chip out of his bag, and it mysteriously begins to glow as light seems to flow in many different directions all at once within the visible outer layers. The artifact floats into the air above the village...

As if by magic, it seemingly begins to rain in the village for the first time in years. From the outside of the village, Boulangerie is encased in a spherical shell of water. Lonk did it! He saved the village from the drought!

As everyone in Boulangerie began to celebrate, a terrible shadow cast itself over the village. A giant meteoroid pulled from outer space is seen to be getting bigger and bigger as terror takes over the celebration.

"Sourdough...," whispers Rye as he looks up at this giant rock barreling toward them with a hollow and defeated look on his face.

Lonk's only wishes to keep his village safe and give everyone the chance to live happy and peaceful lives.

The power emitted by the Water Chip is felt deep inside of all the villagers... It floats to Lonk, pulsing in wavy spheres of rainbow light.

Lonk, unsure of whether it's safe to touch, decides to touch it with his Stale Bread Knuckle...

In a grand display of lights and mysteriously musical tones, the two items merge into something new and more powerful.

The two become the SOGGY STALE BREAD KNUCKLE!

Lonk's innocent and selfless wish to aid his people is answered. With his newfound power, Lonk feels many new abilities and energies surging through him. He leaps into the air toward the giant rock in the sky...

Rye and the rest of the villagers watch as he moves away from them so quickly that he turns into a tiny speck approaching the rock. Suddenly, they see the rock shatter into a cloud of fire and dust in the sky. Lonk pulverized the rock into vapor with one punch!

From the tower on his mountain, Sourdough, the evil wizard, watches in disbelief and fear as his evil machinations are halted by the boy. He must figure out how to defeat that boy before he learns how to harness all of that power, or maybe...

Maybe he can lure the boy into doing his bidding...

"Ah! I know exactly what to do! I will have my revenge on the village and on the rest of the world! And I will have that power for my own!" Sourdough says out loud (even though he's by himself).

What evil scheme will Sourdough concoct to trick Lonk into doing his bidding...?

The answers will be found in

The Legend of Bread: Lonk's A-Bake-ning